OK
concession concession
Hmm
Don't you forget we're here today for business
If you let me know what you did with that oiran lady in the room, I won't be polite
Then, then, then, can't I be that kind of person?
Brother, I won't be staring at you here, huh?
I thank you you're welcome
Where are the people?
Why hasn't anyone called me for so long?
Qin Feng, why are you here?
I'll tell you what.
This is Hongxiu's boudoir
It's not for someone like you to come
If you know each other, get out of here
Zhong Gongzi, sorry
My wife temporarily changed her mind
Decided to invite this Qin Gongzi to become today's dream shore
He is a waste
Why should you understand the poems written by Mr. Qin?
This Young Master wants to see what kind of poem can be better than this Young Master's right pair
Yun Xiang clothes Hua Xiang Rong
The spring breeze blows Revlon
How is this possible?
Mr. Zhang, I told you not to be too crazy
Humph
Stupid love has wind
We'll see.